Add documentation for new ASA Server update endpoints (#2162)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/asa/projects/index.md

| `hostname`   | string | The hostname of the Server |
| `id`   | string | The UUID corresponding to the Server |
| `instance_details`   | object | Information that the cloud provider provides about the Server, if one exists |

> | `labels`   | object | (Optional) The labels for this server. Only available with the PolicySync feature, which is currently in EA. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `labels`   | object | (Optional) The labels for this server. This parameter is only available with the PolicySync feature, which is currently in EA. |
```

| `hostname`   | string | The hostname of the Server |
| `id`   | string | The UUID corresponding to the Server |
| `instance_details`   | object | Information that the cloud provider provides about the Server, if one exists |

> | `labels`   | object | (Optional) The labels for this server. Only available with the PolicySync feature, which is currently in EA |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `labels`   | object | (Optional) The labels for this server. This parameter is only available with the PolicySync feature, which is currently in EA. |
```

| `hostname`   | string | The hostname of the Server |
| `id`   | string | The UUID corresponding to the Server |
| `instance_details`   | object | Information that the cloud provider provides about the Server, if one exists |

> | `labels`   | object | (Optional) The labels for this server. Only available with the PolicySync feature, which is currently in EA |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `labels`   | object | (Optional) The labels for this server. This parameter is only available with the PolicySync feature, which is currently in EA. |
```

```json
HTTP 204 No Content
```
### Update a Server on a Project

<ApiOperation method="PUT" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/servers/${server_id}" />

> Update a Server on a Project. This endpoint is only available with the PolicySync feature, which is currently in EA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates a Server on a Project. This endpoint is only available with the PolicySync feature, which is currently in EA.
```

This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`, or `server_admin`.

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `project_name`   | string | The Project name |
| `server_id`   | string | The UUID of the Server |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

> This endpoint requires an object with the following fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires an object with the following fields:
```

| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|

> | `labels`   | object | (Optional) A map of key value pairs. These labels will overwrite all labels previously supplied via the API for this server. Labels from any other source can only be updated using that source. The prefix 'api.' will be automatically prepended if not supplied. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `labels`   | object | (Optional) A map of key value pairs. These labels overwrite all labels previously supplied through the API for this server. You can only update labels from other sources using that source. If you don't supply the prefix 'api.', it is automatically prepended. |
```
